Activity 2 : Ethics and Privacy

    Task 1.
        1. 
            a. Alice's act of accessing and scanning another student's personal
               academic record without their consent is illegal under the Computer
               Fraud and Abuse Act.
            b. Alice's act of penetration testing wasn't unethical given the 
               circumstances but had a bad actor been aware of the expliot then
               they potentially could have caused alot of harm.
        2. 
            a. Alice's act of accessing Charlie's information within the institution's 
               property (devices & network) wasn't illegal but Alice's overwillingness 
               to provide Charlie's personal device history unconsentually falls into a 
               legal gray zone. On one arguement there is that since the request was made 
               by the Police they have the right to obtain private personal information, 
               however if so a warrent or proper documentation would need to be provided 
               as individuals have rights.
            b. Alice's act of accessing Charlie's information within the institution's 
               property (devices & network) wasn't unethical but Alice's access to Charlie's 
               personal device history and traffic could be argued as unethical. With
               the arguement being made Alice has no write to personal private data but on
               the opposite end that you fork up that right the second you join the network.
            c. In this specific scenario (assuming no warrent or documentation was provided 
               and Alice overwillingly provided Charlie's personal device history & data)
               Charlie's rights were violated. His rights would not have been violated had the
               Police provided a warrent, they would have gotten his data either way, but
               specifically Alice violated Charlie's rights.
    
    Task 2.
        1. Arizona's statute specifically penalizes reckless and knowing behavior. This allows
           Arizona to prosecute offenders who acted without care and deliberation. In California
           the opposite is true that the act had to have been done "knowingly and without permission"
           allowing for more leniency requiring proof of actual knowledge.
        2. California's statute contains a crime 'knowingly and without permission using another’s 
           internet domain name or profile to send damaging emails or posts' that is absent from
           Arizona. This directly targets email spoofing and social media profile impersonation attacks.
        3. Overall Arizona's law is stricter due to its criminalization of reckless conduct and imposes
           higher penalties on these offenses (up to 10 years in jail vs 1-2 years in California).
        4. Taking into account (Punishment for crime severity, Addressing existing threats, Helpful actors, 
           and willingness of offenders to attack again) as criteria I believe California's law is better. Given that
           modern day hacking is largely involved in phishing, fooling, and deception the focus on
           emails and social media allows California to directly prosecute and address the core issue.
           Additionally Arizona dishes out harsher penalities but for simpler infractions California
           properly tailors the punishment to the severity of the conduct.